README.md, before:

# Team-Profile-Generator

## Description

A convienent node command line tool that takes in information about members of a team and then generates an HTML webpage that displays a summary for each person.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To prepare the application the User should start by generating a `package.json` file with the following dependencies using the following command:

```bash
npm init
```
Follow along with the on screen prompts.

Once your `package.json` file has been created ensurer it has the following dependencies:

```
"dependencies": {
    "inquirer": "^6.3.1"
  },

```

``` 

"devDependencies": {
    "jest": "^24.8.0"
  },

```

## Usage

1. Open an integrated terminal.

2. Double check that you have `package.json` with the required dependencies. 

3. In terminal run the following command:

```bash
node index.js
```

4. Following along with the prompts in the terminal. 

## Credits

Created by: Sawyer Silfies

GitHub: [Ssilfies17](https://github.com/ssilfies17)


## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022][Sawyer Silfies]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

README changed to add demo. Repo cleanup and sample styling

README.md, after:

# Team-Profile-Generator

## Description

A convienent node command line tool that takes in information about members of a team and then generates an HTML webpage that displays a summary for each person.

>Check out this video demo for a better insight to how this baby works!

#### ** Demonstration Link: [DEMO]() **

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To prepare the application the User should start by generating a `package.json` file with the following dependencies using the following command:

```bash
npm init
```
Follow along with the on screen prompts.

Once your `package.json` file has been created ensurer it has the following dependencies:

```
"dependencies": {
    "inquirer": "^6.3.1"
  },

```

``` 

"devDependencies": {
    "jest": "^24.8.0"
  },

```

## Usage

1. Open an integrated terminal.

2. Double check that you have `package.json` with the required dependencies. 

3. In terminal run the following command:

```bash
node index.js
```

4. Following along with the prompts in the terminal. 

## Credits

Created by: Sawyer Silfies

GitHub: [Ssilfies17](https://github.com/ssilfies17)


## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2022][Sawyer Silfies]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
